# DeepQPirate


In this project, I was given a few Python files and a Jupyter file that creates a map and inserts an agent (the "pirate") into the map. Some useful functions were provided to ease the creation of a neural network. My work was to implement deep Q-learning so that the pirate will progressively learn how to navigate the maze. This involved the creation of a policy and its continual updating. I used the Epsilon-Greedy algorithm to balance exploration with expoitation.

Computer scientists conduct research into almost anything to do with functioning, use, and optimization of computers. They often work to improve upon the state of the art by doing things like: developing new algorithms or data structures that allow for efficent parallel processing, optimizing how a programming language interacts with hardware, or building a new AI model that uses your data to give you targeted ads. This branch of science isn't always "important" because sometimes we are just pursuing the science for the purposes of profit or power. In fact, like all the other sciences, sometimes computer science can be actively harmful to society. Just as the use of DDT was enabled by the work of (probably well-meaning) chemists, phone and internet addiction is fueled by the work of data scientists who have worked hard to ensure only the most engaging content reaches a user so that their time on the phone or internet is maximized. Of course, computer science is a broad field and there are many positive applications as well. The breakthroughs in protein folding and IBM's Watson being used for medical diagnoses, for example.

In computer science, it is especially useful to break problems down into their most basic parts. If the big picture of a problem does not reveal a solution, it is not often useful to just think harder or see it from a different angle. It is usually best to systematically break it down and examine parts until the source of the issue is clear.

For the end user and the organization, my responsibilties include ethical use of the user and company data. I am expected to keep things secure and prevent any sort of attack or accidental misuse. I am also expected to not waste resources for the sake of speed and money.
